feat(tests): add JSON Schema test coverage (#286)
OAI/Arazzo-Specification: schemas/v1.0/readme.md

# OpenAPI Arazzo 1.0.x JSON Schema

> Here you can find the JSON Schema for validating Arazzos of versions 1.0.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can find the JSON Schema for validating Arazzo Documents conforming to versions 1.0.x.
```
